appndc          set operation
appndd          set operation
appndi          set operation
card            cell internal
clearc          not needed
cleard          not needed
cleari          not needed
copy            cell internal
dafrda          deprecated
diff            set operation
elemc           set operation
elemd           set operation
elemi           set operation
eqstr           not needed
exists          not needed
filld           not needed
filli           not needed
ftncls          not needed
getcml          not needed
gfbail          GF internal
gfclrh          GF internal
gfinth          GF internal
gfrefn          GF internal
gfrepf          GF internal
gfrepi          GF internal
gfrepu          GF internal
gfsstp          GF internal
gfstep          GF internal
gfudb           GF internal
gfuds           GF internal
illum_pl02      deprecated
illum_plid_pl02 deprecated
insrtc          set operation
insrtd          set operation
insrti          set operation
inter           set operation
lastnb          not needed
lcase           not needed
limb_pl02       deprecated
llgrid_pl02     deprecated
lparss          not needed
maxd            set operation
maxi            set operation
mind            set operation
mini            set operation
moved           not needed
ordc            set operation
ordd            set operation
ordi            set operation
putcml          not needed
rdtext          not needed
removc          set operation
removd          set operation
removi          set operation
scard           cell internal
sdiff           set operation
set             set operation
size            cell internal
ssize           cell internal
subpt_pl02      deprecated
subsol_pl02     deprecated
term_pl02       deprecated
ucase           not needed
uddc            C-specific
uddf            C-specific
udf             C-specific
union           GF internal
valid           cell internal
wncard          cell internal
wnfetd          cell internal
wnvald          cell internal
               
